A bunch of IRC scripts and a couple helper scripts:

These are best used by leaving this all in a directory, then symlinking where you want them, except for the config file, which needs to be copied into your ~/.irssi/scripts directory, and configured as described in the documentation.

ip.pl - Resolve a DNS to an IP address.  Still a bit broken.  Will fix in the future.
nt.pl - "#this script will eventually be used for nick tracking by sicklebot"
ut.pl - Outputs the uptime of the system it is running on.  Retrieved from /proc/uptime.
tt.pl - Various text triggers for some ascii character (Look of Disapproval, tableflip, etc.)
sr.pl - Size report.  Lists in IRC the output of df -h.  Will make it a bit more modular soon enough.
sd.pl - Self Defence.  Stops the violence.
rt.pl - rTorrent upload/download speeds.  The helper script rtorrent-rate.sh handles the heavy lifting,	and the xmlrpc2sgci.2.py handles all the backend.
io.pl - iostat output in IRC
ap.pl - advanced self defence.
np.pl - Allows for displaying of the current track playing in an mpd player.  Allows for either display	in the current window (/np) or a list of windows for it to be sent to (/npr).  A helper script is included to demonstrate how it can be triggered remotely using screen and ssh.
misc.pl - Various useful commands.  In this case, just /lod (outputs the Look of Disapproval)
ident.pl - Does multi-server identification, with different usernames and authorization mechanisms. Automatic grouping and ungrouping is not working atm.  Might be in the future, might not be.
di.pl - Dice script. Space delimited list of options, randomly chooses between them.  For those who have too much on the go and cannot decide on something to do...
tf.pl - When things get hairy, and tables get flipped, someone needs to keep order and peace.  Install this script to have someone take care of cleaning up automatically.
net.pl - Current network IO.
hlp.pl - Help.  Provides help on the installed commands.  Sorta useless atm.
ul.pl - URL lookup and shortening.  There are many like it, but this one is my own.  You can PM if you just want a shortened URL, also provides per-channel statistics for the url database.
script_config.pm - perl module to configure the scripts which need configuring.

/helpers/mpd_np - handles the screen registers stuff required for remote triggering of /np
/helpers/rtorrent-rate.sh - gets the upload or download rate of an rtorrent instance
/helpers/xmlrpc2scgi.2.py - helper script for rtorrent-rate.sh.  Does all the magic.
